feat: allow flat config files to export a Promise (#17301)
eslint/eslint: docs/src/use/configure/configuration-files-new.md

            "prefer-const": "error"
        }
    }
];
```

In this example, the configuration array contains just one configuration object. The configuration object enables two rules: `semi` and `prefer-const`. These rules are applied to all of the files ESLint processes using this config file.

> If your project does not specify `"type":"module"` in its `package.json` file, then `eslint.config.js` must be in the CommonJS format:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your project does not specify `"type":"module"` in its `package.json` file, then `eslint.config.js` must be in CommonJS format, such as:
```

```js
module.exports = [
    {
        rules: {
            semi: "error",
            "prefer-const": "error"
        }
    }
];
```

> The configuration file can also export a Promise that resolves to the configuration array. This can be useful for using ESM dependencies in CommonJS configuration files:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The configuration file can also export a promise that resolves to the configuration array. This can be useful for using ESM dependencies in CommonJS configuration files, as in this example:
```
